[Term Entry] JavaScript Array.prototype.findLast() (#2588)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/arrays/terms/findLast/findLast.md

---

> Title: '.findLast())'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: '.findLast()'
```

> Description: "Finds the first value within the array, starting the search from the end of the array to the beginning of the array"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the first value found in the array by starting the search from the end of the array to the beginning of the array.'
```
The initial phrasing made it sound it was finding the first element in the array.

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The `.findLast()` array method finds the first value within the array, starting the search from the end of the array to the beginning of the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.findLast()` array method returns the first value found in the array by starting the search from the end of the array to the beginning of the array.
```

## Syntax

```js

> array.findLast((element, index) => {...});

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
array.findLast((element, index) => {expression});
```

```

> A function can be invoked with three arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function can be invoked with two arguments:
```

> The function can be invoked with two arguments:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function can be invoked with the following arguments:
```

> - `element`: The current element we are iterating through.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `element`: The current element being processed.
```

> - `index` (optional): The index of the array element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `index` (optional): The index of the array element.
- `expression` (optional): A specified condition.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**Note:** A function can also be passed as an argument when more complex logic is required.
```

> ## Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

Find the value 200 in the array:

```js
const numbers = [10, 42, 53, 12, 45, 66, 33, 6, 10000, 200, 10];

> const findNumber = numbers.findLast((value) => {
>   return value === 200;
> });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const findNumber = numbers.findLast((value) => value == 200);
```

console.log(findNumber);
```

This results in the following output:

```shell

> [200]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
200
```

```

## Codebyte Example

> 

Reviewer: Include a sentence giving an overview of what's happening in the codebyte.

> ## Codebyte Example

Reviewer 2: It looks as though the docs js compiler doesn't currently support this method. Please remove this example

Author: Are we open to creating a new issue for a Codebyte for this method? @caupolicandiaz @SSwiniarski

Reviewer: @codewithfan, that won't do much since this isn't going to be resolved through the Docs repo. This has to do with Codecademy's infrastructure and the version of JavaScript they support.

```codebyte/js

// This is an example of using .find().

let age = [13,20,15,45,1,44,80]

console.log('find() method: ');

let findResult = age.find((value) => {
    console.log('Checking age: ', value);
    return value === 80
})

console.log(`Oldest age is ${findResult}`)

// Now we use .findLast().

age = [13,20,15,45,1,44,80]

console.log('findLast() method: ');

findResult = age.findLast((value) => {
    console.log('Checking age: ', value);
    return value === 80
})

console.log(`Oldest age is ${findResult}`)

> // If you ever need to search for an element within the array, and you know the value will be towards the end, using .findLast shortens the path to finding the element.
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

> **Note:** If you ever need to search for an element within the array, and you know the value will be towards the end, using .findLast shortens the path to finding the element.
````

This shouldn't be a comment in the code.
